[Music]
you think you're lucky to survive this
plane crash but it turns out
you've cheated death and now it's
hunting you down for revenge
it has the most insane death traps
planned that you will never see coming
your destiny is to die in a brutal way
and you can't escape
what do you do i'm going to break down
the mistakes made which you should do
in how to be deaf's design in final
destination
[Music]
all these kids here are doomed a class
is headed to paris for a school trip
and they're excited to leave the kids
are herded into the airport and the
teacher stops them to take a head count
there's carter the jock and his
girlfriend the loner chick
and there's alex with his best friend
todd now this kid has a serious fear of
flying and i can't blame him but there
are signs here that something terrible
is going to happen
and they may all seem like coincidence
but none of them are
a creepy guy hands out a flyer for the
hari krishna movement who believe in
reincarnation
after death as he checks in he's told
the time his flight leaves is the same
as his birthday
and statistically more people die on
their birthday than any other day of the
year
the departure board is wildly flipping
out the plane looks really old and
damaged and when he's taking a
pre-flight dump he hears john denver
playing on the bathroom speakers
who also died in a plane crash all this
sounds like pure coincidence but trust
paranoia is your best friend here if you
had a healthy respect for superstition
you might think twice about stepping on
that plane
they board the flight and his friend
tries to reassure him no god would let
this plane crash
it has a baby and a disabled man on
board but it's not reassuring at all
he sits down and is clearly freaked out
two of the class hotties ask if they can
trade seats of him and he goes to sit
with his best friend todd but discovers
the tray latch is
broken this plane is falling apart and
it's not comforting
they take off and it's a smooth ride the
class begins to applaud but alex here is
not convinced at all
suddenly the cabin starts shaking the
bag starts falling out of the
compartments
and the oxygen masks drop from the
ceiling the plane is out of control
this is everyone's worst nightmare an
explosion erupts
and the fire cooks his face off it's
brutal
and then he wakes up he's back on the
plane as if none of it happened and the
girls ask if they can switch seats again
what's going on here he rushes over to
[ __ ] by his best friend and the trey
latch falls off
just like before he screams that the
plane is going to explode
and of course he sounds completely
[ __ ] crazy
he gets into a fight with a jock and
security comes in to drag them off the
plane
okay only 1 in 11 million flights
actually crash
but this is not just paranoia anymore we
can save 287 people right here
and we need to get everyone off the
plane in case that vision was real
the easiest way might be to just say
there's a bomb it's dramatic enough to
make everyone leave and not just those
who happened to get swept into your mess
they don't know this yet but because
everyone's cheated death it's coming
back to kill them in the order they were
meant to originally die
so by getting everyone off the plane and
saving 287 people
you've given yourself a lot more time to
live because there's more people in line
to die
before you the loner chick feels like
something is up and decides she needs to
get off too
the students and teachers are thrown out
and the captain won't let anyone back on
but the teacher argues that the students
need a chaperone so he makes an
exception
the male teacher offers to stay but she
refuses encouraging him to go ahead
he boards the plane and they take off
leaving the stranded students behind
okay i'm just gonna say if he had made a
proper bomb threat like i said
this plane wouldn't be taking off right
now the teacher asked alex here what
happened and he tells her about his
vision
they're a little freaked out but the
bully gets pissed off
he can't go to paris now because this
kid is scared of airplanes and they
start fighting
everyone gets up to stop them and none
of them notice that the plane has just
exploded the blast shatters the windows
and everyone is horrified to see that
this paranoid kid
was actually right okay it wasn't a
dream
it was all real 100 confirmed so we need
to figure out what exactly happened but
the only place it exists is in this
kid's head
i mean look at him he must be going
through ptsd that means his memory of
all these details won't be as reliable
after even a few hours you need to write
down everything you saw on the vision
immediately the survivors are taken into
a room where they're interviewed by two
fbi agents
they try to find out how the kid knew
the plane was going to blow up but he
can't give a good answer
it's clear they suspect he's the cause
of the disaster and they'll be keeping a
close watch on him
now we have to be really careful here
whatever we tell the agents
they'll either think you're crazy or
that you've just killed 287 people
i'd want to blame it all on this guy but
the best move is to tell the truth
they won't believe you but that's okay
because crazy is sexy
and this girl digs it one month later
the survivors attend a memorial for the
victims of the crash
when he lines up the pace respects the
bully is overly aggressive
billy here thinks he's a psychic and his
teacher is terrified of him
even his best friend isn't allowed to
talk to him that night the kid takes a
break from researching airplane
disasters to study up on human anatomy
an
owl interrupts his private time and he
tosses the magazine to scare it off
shredding it apart a piece flies out and
lands perfectly on his lap with his
friend's name
just like his vision this is no
coincidence his friend is in serious
trouble
todd here has no idea what's about to
hit him he sees a dark shadow in the
mirror and when he turns on the radio it
plays the same john denver song he heard
at the airport
he never notices a trail of water
snaking its way towards him
he slips with a puddle knocking over a
bottle of shampoo and gets choked out by
the clothesline the bathtub becomes too
slippery for him to stand no matter how
hard he struggles
he can't get out of the tub and dies
holy crap
just when you think you're safe at home
you die in a freak accident but we all
know
this is not an accident poor todd here
was first on death's list
but he didn't have to go out this way he
could have pushed up on the faucet and
used his pants to prevent slipping so he
can get the leverage to unwind the cord
but sadly
this death was completely necessary
because this is the proof
that death is coming for us all if i
knew that key piece of information
i'd make all survivors pair up for
protection it's unlikely they'll both
die at the same time so whoever's next
will have someone around to save them
this method will reveal death's pattern
and make us all a little safer
the kid runs to his friend's house and
finds out he's dead the dad blames the
kid for his son's death but the kid
knows that's not what happened
because he was given a sign and it makes
him wonder will he die too
the next day he visits the loner girl to
talk now if it's me
i'm using that finely honed paranoia to
my advantage walking into this girl's
house
i'm already looking at everything that
could kill me i mean look at all this
dangerous [ __ ] around
and this girl's got a bit of a secret
she can somehow feel his emotions in an
evil presence has latched on to him ever
since the crash
whatever this thing is it's coming after
them until they're all dead
the only question is who's next the kid
knows his friend didn't commit suicide
but he needs to get proof
looking for answers the two of them
break into the mortuary like it's
mission impossible
they find his friend's body lying on a
slab and get caught by this really
creepy mortician
and this guy knows way too much he tells
them their friend didn't commit suicide
because there were marks from him trying
to call the wire off the mortician
confirms that death has been hunting
them down ever since the plane crash and
the kid realizes what he has to do
they leave the funeral home and sit down
to talk at a cafe where the kid explains
if they somehow find out who's supposed
to die next then they can try to prevent
it by saving that person
and cheat death once again he sees a
bust in the window when he turns to the
street
there's no bus there it's another vision
of the future and his spidey senses are
telling him something bad is about to
happen again
strangely all the remaining survivors
show up at the coffee shop
the kid almost gets into a fight with a
jock but the girlfriend tells the two
boys to move on with their lives as she
steps onto the road
okay it was clearly her time to die but
if she knew she
probably wouldn't have stepped out into
the road like that but now that she's
gone
someone must be next so how do we figure
out who comes after her
thankfully we've written down all the
details of the premonition from earlier
this is going to pay off huge
when people start dying the pattern will
emerge and you can compare it to the
notes you took
it will start to match up and you'll be
able to determine who's next in line to
die
that night the kid sees a news report on
the crash and it reveals how the plane
blew up
he traces the explosion and realizes
there's a pattern here
it perfectly matches where all the
survivors were sitting
he's figured out death's design they're
being killed in the order they would
have died they had stayed on the plane
it started with his best friend then the
girlfriend which means the next person
to die will be the teacher
and he's gonna stop it from happening
okay we finally have the pattern we've
been looking for so at this point i'm
only thinking about how to prevent my
own death no matter who i have to hurt
so i would like whoever's next in the
safest environment i can possibly think
of with food and water
if i can keep that person in a
deaf-proof prison i'm free to live my
life without worry
the teacher freaks out when she sees her
student is in her front yard and she
calls the fbi
he checks her car first time to
tampering but he's caught by the feds
they take him away leaving the teacher
alone with the cold wind of death
she plays a record and unfortunately
it's john denver again and as we all
know
that's not a good sign as she's wiping
down a kettle a dark shadow is reflected
in its surface
when she pours herself a hard drink the
bottom of the mud cracks
leaking vodka all over the floor and
even in her desktop
she notices the computer starts smoking
and gets closer to inspect it
the screen suddenly explodes throwing
her back and launching a glass shard
into her throat sparks from the computer
ignite the trail of alcohol and the
flames follow her into the kitchen
it reaches the bottle which erupts into
a massive explosion
knocking her to the ground she reaches
for a cloth and pulls out a knife block
that sends one of the blades into her
chest
now there's so much that's gone wrong
here i have to address it if this
teacher knew she was next she wouldn't
be so careless
putting hot and cold liquid into a mug
will crack it if your computer is frying
then obviously unplug it
taking the glass out makes you bleed out
faster and for god's sakes leave the
towel there
she had so many chances to live and she
had no thought of calling 9-1-1
throughout any of it meanwhile alexir
has been let go by the feds after a
failed interrogation and he races over
to his teacher's house to make sure
she's okay
he finds her lying on the floor with a
knife lodged in her chest and he tries
to help but the oven
explodes and knocks the chair over and
hammers the blade deeper into her body
like an idiot he pulls a knife out
leaving his fingerprints all over the
murder weapon he realizes his mistake
and runs out of the house
seconds before it explodes the next day
the fbi
shows up at the girls house they found
evidence that the kid was at the
teacher's house last night and want to
know where he is
lying she says she doesn't know anything
okay these agents aren't going to leave
us alone there will be a lot of dead
bodies by the time this is over and
these guys will demand an explanation
i would make every survivor wear a body
cam to record what happens to them so
that if they die we have a database of
undeniable evidence that points to
supernatural shenanigans
i won't have to deal with murder charges
and can focus on actually surviving
later that night she meets up with him
and he's feeling stressed from this
whole situation
she opens up about her own past her dad
died when she was young and wishes he
had a second chance
they're lucky to be alive and she tells
him he can't give
up they meet with the remaining
survivors who have heard about the
teacher's death and they ask the kid if
he knows who's gonna die next
he tells them it's better if they don't
know and it freaks the jock out
okay the kid is dead wrong here if i
knew the order of death
i'm telling everyone if you don't know
you're next you'll make stupid decisions
and put yourself in dangerous situations
and that's not just bad for you it's bad
for me because the faster people die the
closer i am to death
the jock has a meltdown and starts
driving like a lunatic
he can't escape death so he might as
well end it all now
that's when the kid sees a freight train
in the windows reflection it's another
vision of the future
the jock stops the car in the middle of
the railroad everyone else runs out but
he stays behind and they beg him to
leave the car
as the train draws closer he changes his
mind he doesn't want to die today but
when he tries to drive away
the car won't start the doors suddenly
lock and the seat belt won't budge
he can't escape it looks like he's the
next one to die
seeing that the train is going to hit
him the kid tries to pull the jock out
but he's trapped with a seat belt
there's no way they're going to make it
but at the last minute the belt rips
apart and the two boys barely avoid
getting crushed to death
he's cheated death for the second time
billy here starts freaking out he
doesn't think it's safe to be around
them and wants to leave and he should
have because the train launches a piece
of metal
straight at him his head rolls to the
ground but wait
this isn't supposed to happen because
the kid knew the jock was supposed to
die
this means the death order skips the
next person online when you save
someone's life
now we have another strategy at beating
death by its own rules
i would make a man-made trap where you
can easily save someone's life which
lets you skip the death order
basically as many times as you want
everyone should serve some time as the
next person to die
as long as it's not me taking shelter at
the loader girl's cabin the kid tries to
def proof the building because he thinks
he's next to die
based on his cheat sheet of death he's
even eating cans of mush so that he
won't choke
instead death tries to take him out with
a fishing pole that yanks door open
causing knives to fall but he closes it
in the nick of time
alright it's all a good effort but this
is not a solution i mean look at this
place
there's opportunity for death everywhere
when friends get killed by clotheslines
and shampoo
it means you don't know what's dangerous
until it's already killing you
start by getting the most obvious things
out of the way first electricity power
in your home
not anymore access to fire not anymore
butane gas
knives technology no no no it might suck
but if you want to survive
you'll have to live without some
conveniences from now on but the kid
suddenly realizes he's overlooked an
important detail
unlike his premonition he never actually
switched seats with those two girls on
the plane
according to the death order whoever sat
in front of him should be next
he doesn't have to save himself he has
to save the girl
he runs out of the cabin when suddenly
the police come rolling up
they found him they want to bring him in
for the teacher's death but he gets to a
boat and rows frantically across the
lake
when he makes it to the other side he
runs to the woods with the cops
chasing after him at her house the girl
realizes she's next as a lightning bolt
breaks a telephone pole and sends the
power lines
flying when she tries to rescue her dog
she almost gets skewered by a drying
rack then as she's making her way back
to her house
the pool gets punctured and floods the
backyard she leaps into a trellis to
avoid getting electrocuted
it's clear death is done being sneaky
the girl climbs back into her house as
all the lights explode she runs to the
garage to drive out but she gets trapped
in
until she reverses far enough that the
piece rips off the ceiling
it looks like she might make it but the
power line falls through the hood
short-circuiting the car she's
completely stuck and to make matters
worse
a trailer turpentine is snaking its way
to work this might seem helpless but
there's a way out
any metal you touch in the car will
electrocute you so you need a good
insulator
i would collect all the rubber car mats
and use them to open the door and walk
out
that way i don't come in contact with
the car or the ground
the kid finds her and realizes she's
going to get electrocuted if she touches
anything
he tries to beat the wire off but
accidentally breaks open a gas canister
that lodges itself underneath the car
and sets it on fire seeing no other
option he sacrificed himself to break
the deadly cycle giving the girl enough
time to escape as the car
explodes his plan worked but it doesn't
look like he survived
are they actually going to kill this guy
after everything he's been through
no they're not because six months later
the remaining survivors including alex
here are reunited in paris
wait they're in paris that means these
guys actually got on another plane
that's a really bad idea everything is
going great and they all think it's over
because
it's been six months since anyone has
died but he can't help feeling like
something's wrong
he takes out a diagram of death's order
and points out that while he interviewed
to save others
no one intervened for him that night he
should still be next to die
the jock teases that maybe he still is
and the kid begins to sense
bad omens everywhere like a guy playing
john denver and a canister knocking over
a bucket of nails
fearing the worst he walks away from the
table but the girl warns him just in
time to avoid a bus
he almost gets hit and sees how this
motor accident knocks out a massive sign
that comes swinging for
he's safe at the last second with the
jock but since his death was prevented
who's next the order comes full circle
and the sign
comes swinging back but what do you
think how would you be deaf's design let
me know if a comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to be playlist
for more videos like this until next
time have a damn good day